Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know him well. Amanda suggests Hannah to text him.
Eric and Rob are watching a Russian comedian's stand-up.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob.
Emma doesn't want to cook dinner tonight. She will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Jane is back from Morocco. Ollie and Jane will meet for lunch on Friday at 6 pm after Jane finishes her courses.
Benjamin, Elliot and Hilary are going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Payton likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks, but not always buying. She usually buys things from 2 or 3 different sites. She loves reading.
Rita is tired at work and keeps falling asleep at her keyboard. Tina hates her work too.
Beatrice is in town, shopping. She will buy a scarf for Leo. Last winter Leo had a cold all the time.
Eric is not sure if he will come to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda and Gina are going to have a party on Friday. Wanda needs to make a list. Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping with her.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car to go by car.
Paul is looking for a new member of Netflix family. Luke will send him the login and password on Sunday. He will also send Paul the bank account details so he can wire him the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend.
Greg needs to stay after hours. He will pick up Johnny from kindergarten on Tuesdays.
Ethan sends Marshall, Toby and Scott a photo of himself and Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He has two weeks left.
Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students, which gets out of hand. The black students try to break it up and there is an incident where one guy, Reggie, gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman after he gets into an argument with a white student.
Mike took his car into the garage today. Someone crashed into his red Honda.
Beth wants to work in a beauty salon as a work experience. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls. Maxine manages the beauty side. Beth will meet her tomorrow after school.
Gloria and Emma are preparing for the exam. They have 4 hours to prepare.
May is depressed. Karen suggested she should see a specialist, but May doesn't want to see one. Karen will call a psychologist for advice.
Mark lied to Anne about his age. Anne saw his passport today.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder. They will ask him about it at the party tomorrow.
Ollie, Kelly and Mickey are going to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Kelly's place is scary because of the number of human-sized figures and their faces. Ollie is going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number very well.
Bella's boss appreciated their decision to dismiss the request of client. He was looking forward to bringing in new clients.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. She will take a nap. Ben will wake her up around 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4:30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine are going to chip in for the Refuge to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour.
Charlotte asks Paula how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
Jack and May are going for a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkillers.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. Andrei has an outstanding bill to pay with the company.
Janice's son wants her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina doesn't want it as she got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Daniel has just started playing DA Inquisition. Mary and Lucas love it.
Judy is always attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her but stopped calling and texting. Bruce is sweet but Judy doesn't feel the butterflies.
Chloe is on tv. James has found it.
Ala is on her way to a meeting. She will let Tina know how it went.
Sebastian and his partner moved here a year ago. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions. Kevin wants to win the lottery, but he never did.
Son will try to come home this weekend.
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola lost her scarf in Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new one.
Mary gives Mike John's number.
Joseph sent Ella a photo of baby cows. Wujek Janek has twins.
Stephen took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new 4-month-old biscuit lab. She called him Bones. The cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him. Speedy wants to play.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's. She will come over at 10 tonight to pick them up.
Petra is sleepy and needs to sleep, but nobody's working at the office today.
Nick would like to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she's not that desperate.
Tim is gay. Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Nate and Julia didn't know.
Lilly will be late, so Gabriel will order something for her.
Celine will drop by Cara's place in the evening.
Derek will help Craig with his computer in 20 minutes.
Emma wants to take a stroll with the little ones, but Abigail doesn't think it's a good idea as the smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today.
Paul will get red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons. Gary will pay for the cake.
Paul is close to the Mac. Laura has been waiting 30 minutes for him. Paul is almost there. Laura is not waiting any more.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford. Peter didn't get into Stanford, so he has to look for other university.
Smith called in sick, so they don't have English today.
Brandon lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank but it will take time before he gets a new one. Luke and Ian will lend him $100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja enjoyed their evening at the new restaurant Inez sent. They will go again on Wednesday.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. Ana will visit her grandma tomorrow.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at 4:30 instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
Liam sent Julia a file with a book from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess. Julia will check it out on their facebook.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant to eat pasta and brownie tomorrow.
Natalie, Martin, Margot, Mia and Adam are going to Anna's birthday party on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for drinks after work tonight.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now. He wishes he could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life.
Steve and Gulab are discussing football. USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle. Ela's phone is busy.
Mark told his sister that Mary is doing an online job. She is very jealous. She tries to contact the people Mary works for.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her.
Peadar, James, Anne and Helen are going for a drink at Jesus bar. Annette is sick, so she can't join them. Oli cycled around the bar, but couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance.
Harry sent Jacob a song 3 days ago. Jacob will listen to it later tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside, so Max can't let Ray out. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and he needs pillows. Kim will tell his mom that grey is the best colour.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi and Sony. If Josh wants Samsung, Brian will get it cheaper for him.
Nathalie and Olafur will go to Soho for New Year's Eve.
Andy has a quiz tomorrow.
Kim is looking for a place where she can buy fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests the marketplace at Polna street, restaurants' menus and asking about their source. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to fight at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got a job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Danna's Saturday was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but they were busy or unavailable. Danna doesn't have a tv, because their subscription expired and they never renewed it. Reed is in bed. He's off tomorrow.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She has problems finding research materials. She finds the topic interesting and all, but when she's supposed to write, she blank out and can't type a single word.
Maddie is in Asda. John will buy white bread and apples.
Jordan is going to Brad's funeral. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm tonight.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th. She's going to be gray. Gina will get her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. Ann can't join him because she has a meeting. Rob will buy some fruit and vegetables.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid.
Noah is the smartest person alive, so he knew this will happen.
Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Chris are in Cancun for their last two days before flying to Havana. They will Skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time.
Ying has 10 years of experience.
Missy gets out of work at 6. She and Daniel will have drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will order an ipad for his dad and have it shipped home.
Isabella enjoyed listening to Betty's work yesterday. Isabella wants to do something together with Betty.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet is ashamed of Donald Trump, because he didn't come to the ceremony.
Rashi is confused about his career options. Teacher advises him to choose a career based on what interests him.
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school. The student who is the victim of the violence is his friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week, so she will ask Cynthia or Elena.
Ann is planning a surprise birthday party for her dad, who is turning 50. She was planning dinner with the whole family, but that's not enough. Fiona suggests some team play, bungee jumping or parachute jump, horse riding or paintball.
Jenson is not happy with Alene. Alene is depressed and won't go to the doctor. Fatima is worried about Alene and Jenson breaking up.
Lisa wants Bob to clean the house. Bob helped make it dirty.
Luke and Martial will go to Jose's office to let him know they are available for team selection tomorrow.
Julie wishes Emily a merry Christmas.
Ricky doesn't like his new next door neighbors.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband. Sandra has 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday at 11.
John and Joan are going to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday around 8 pm.
George wants to meet with Donna tonight to discuss a delicate matter.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Irene is going shopping with her little boy.
Tony sent Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will see Thomas and Maria there.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15. Jacob is at work till 5.
Jack will go to the casting with Ryan.
Evelyn will stay at home and rest for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. Her parents separated a few months ago. She wants to spend Christmas with her family, but her mother is depressed.
Raul had a bad night last night and a bad morning. He started off with a fag and then he had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. She took some pills but to no avail. Ms. Quinn has signed Angie up for an appointment with Doctor McCormick in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Karen and Ronnie are going to eat pasta for lunch.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. Peyton wants him to bring the video game for him.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Chris invites Tom and his brother for a jacuzzi in his garden. They will bring swimming trunks and watch TV in the living room. Chris has WiFi.
Cindy will call Ela and tell her Harry needs to talk urgent.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term. Only one of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair are going for a coffee at 2 pm.
Jeff's skin condition is fine. Tina has the same condition and takes meds on the daily. Jeff will tell Tina to call him if she has any questions.
Kristina, Estefania and Jannette are watching America's top model on tv.
Daniel is coming to Bologna this fall. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone may come in December for a weekend.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss snapped at him. Gemma is organising a barbecue at the weekend. Timmy will bring some wine and others will cover the food.
Pat has a delay, so he will come in the evening, around 9 pm. Bart will open the door for Pat. Pat will be free from work tomorrow morning. Pat is a painter.
Ashley is at the camp. Erin will meet her at the restaurant to do the interview.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing for the conference. Tommy will prepare a power point. Tommy is paying $10 a month for the prezi.
Jeanice worked 8 hours tonight. Marcus argued with a friend but they didn't fight. Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice and Maxwell will meet for a coffee some time.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer.
Leah went to a poetry reading last night. She met a guy who introduced himself and started talking to her. At one point he asked her about an event she had attended and he named all of her friends that had come with her. He wentogled her out. He tried to walk her home, even though Leah told him that he was a creep.
Nicky just left Sam's place.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Tom will send Alexander a message when he will be in a taxi. He arrived safely but without luggages.
There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon. The university organised a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. Sophie doesn't know where it is.
Simon will be free at 5.
Jen is going to tell her ex-boyfriend to move out. He's freeloading and won't give her back the money he owes her. Jen is afraid to ask him to leave. Jane advises Jen to cut her losses and move on.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat doesn't want to meet him in real life.
Agatha is preparing her presentation for her economics course. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to see Imagine Dragons on 12 July at the ABC Theatre.
Bez's car has a low brake fluid level. Kate took it to the garage next to Willig and it was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a "phone credit". The car passed general inspection only in June. The plants in the basement are watered once a week but not too much. On the 21st Bez will be home in the evening.
Laura has been busy studying for a project. She will visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over.
Robert will help with Tom's birthday. Pam has to go shopping, cook and clean. She will pick up the balloons from a store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does charity work every year.
Max sent Jim his latest music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Kane recommends Shannon the new 30 seconds to mars album.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour to drink coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again.
Ron sent Josh some stuff.
Phoebe's mum is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it.
Eve and Rob are meeting up on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3 pm.
Betty and Sandra are talking about a man who takes care of animals. Sandra's ex-boyfriend recently confessed to her that it was a mistake. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna has an app where she can add clothes to her wardrobe. Peter doesn't understand it.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis. He is swollen.
Archie will arrive from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah's place by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She hasn't flushed tampons or pads down there. She can't afford to pay the plumber this month. She had to buy a birthday present for her sister.
There is left-hand traffic in Rowen's country.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Titus will help Emely with a task.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it right now.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen Aoki for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah and Brooklyn have made New Year's resolutions. Hannah is going to lose weight and exercise everyday, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, and find her future husband.
Trevor is having sex with Abigail's father, a church pastor. He is planning to pull out at the last moment, but her father barges in and gives him a kick up the arse. He wants Trevor to pay child support instead of him.
Julia and Gail are addicted to social media. Gail likes to spy on people.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. Anne and Tom are dating.
Ella wants to know if they're coming and if they have any dietary requirements for the catering company.
Sarah will reach New York this coming Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship.
Sam is at work until 5 pm. He is not bringing him over tonight. He will bring him in the morning around 9.
Betty and Phil are going to see a thriller at the cinema at 6:30 pm. They will have dinner at home afterwards.
Robert is looking for a new job as he was laid off. Serge will send him his CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory here.
Lily spent an amazing night with Thomas, who is from an extremely rich family and studies at LSE.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam will order the dress on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mckenley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over and play Destiny 2 with him.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Daisy will help her pack.
Hayden has 1 month to write her thesis and then she needs to decide what studies she should choose. She's interested in African studies but she's not sure she can make big money later on. She was thinking about working as a flight attendant, but she doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. The cinnamon goes well with the whiskey. Rob would like the old cherry flavor back.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will meet at 6 pm with their old cookery teacher.
Aaliyah and Camille are having classes at 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Dan sent Nathan a video of a cat having a spiritual moment.
William has been in line for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie, Kelly, Bob, Mike, Mary, Alan and Greg are discussing what they are watching on Netflix.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. The landlady was nice and made a tortilla for them. Sonia and her friends are planning to go there in a month or so.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy with work lately. He has been working out to improve his health. He holds a gym membership with the gym near his office. He does weights and runs on the treadmill regularly. Lisa also needs to eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests are today. Don and Rodney's kids are 10 years old. The tests are supposed to last from 5-8 pm. Don will bring Oscar and Roger. Hank will take his kid.
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and tie.
Lucian has just got Desiree's message. He hasn't cooked anything yet.
Doug loves Jeni's shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Jane is allergic to peanuts. She went to La Perle with Ella. They ordered a cheesecake and she started swelling after the first bite.
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his today.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom and Jeffrey are few meters from Elena.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for sending him a kiss photo. She doesn't want him to see her when she looks good.
Steffen twisted his ancle yesterday. He will park at the bottom and hike up to the infinity pool. Irene will give him a lift. Dan thinks Mr.Budd could make it.
Jake, Florence, Margot and Mike are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine has the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on.
Jill called Sarah and sent her Bob's pictures. Bob is angry at her.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter then.
Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father. Aimee tried his number and went to her home.
George, Robert and Yousuf are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Paul will join them half an hour later.
Mitch will drive to Croatia on Sunday, the 29th. He will pick up Bill and Sammy around 10 am on Monday. Rory will chip in for gas.
Jones and Angelina will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem but thinks she does a great job.
Pam needs Lauren for tomorrow. The Manager may do some more rota then. Lauren had a good holiday.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She didn't find any ghosts.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him.
Dan and Angela will meet at school later.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper her wedding invitation through Messenger.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is waiting for Emma outside. The movie has already started. Ema will be there in 2 minutes.
Jeff, Vladimir, Donald and Tanya are discussing the Caspian Sea agreement.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim's friend Terry quit because of it.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go too.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to make 3 presentations in groups. They will divide them into two groups of 3-4 people per team.
Nora has just talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is in the park. Theresa is waiting for him.
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A new writer, Dante Kyle, was signing copies of his books. Louis doesn't like Dante Kyle.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia doesn't have a credit card at the moment. Tom will lend her his to buy a flight ticket.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr Smith at ProDent in the centre. Wade needs to go for a checkup too. Hugh will call them tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob and Rob are watching the game. Bob is going to run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers this weekend. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. Jim might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar. Bob will let Jim know if he wants to come.
Debra and Julie are going to meet up again over the weekend. There are 20 girls from the village 40+ coming.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David went to Ethan's house to babysit his sister. He had to go through a lot. His sister was naughty. David has turned his phone on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be back even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly is not coming to Jake's party tonight because she has the flu.
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur growing up was a triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place.
Claire wants to order a dress for the wedding.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is slow but he expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle the fair-trade brand she's been talking about.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
She replied to Stan's message. He's going to take her to Pat&Gill's.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro told her the story of his father coming from Albania to the US in the early 1990s.
Julie has just watched a Japanese horror movie and she's scared. Paula will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "Harry met Sally". Rose will bring cookies for the cocoa.
Lucy's little girl is 15. It seems like yesterday she was 5 years old. Lucy is not as good as she always wanted to be as a mother.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8 o'clock. Tom can't join them as he is at his in-laws' party. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. She got a new nail polish but it took her 4 hours. She will do it for Kristen and Amelia.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment due tomorrow. Kate reminds Sharol about it.
Half of the class is sick at school. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who treats every case individually. The school trip is off.
Tim hasn't seen his mum for the last day because she's with Grace.
Caroline's boyfriend is 26 and lives at home with his mum and gramma. His mother doesn't like Caroline because she's his first girlfriend.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one on Tuesday.
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop. Olaf advises him to check the prices of the chosen products before Black Friday and check them again when the promotion is over. He knows a guy who sells almost new computers at very reasonable prices. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow and will ask him to send him the offer.
Nancy and Phil prefer Facebook to Twitter. Vic prefers Facebook. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr.
Peter, Dan and Amanda have seen the guy with dreads.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her laptop to her brother. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She met a guy there. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit.
Adele is off on Friday. Anne will invite Louise for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy's computer is broken and she might not have to get it repaired. Melody recommends her to get a new one.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet's day was ok, but her boss can be a bitch sometimes.
Mark, Anna, Julia and George are going on a package tour. They will choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They are going to divide themselves so they don't check the same websites.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. He can't go for the weekend with her because of work. The analysis of tasks is not done yet, Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. The division of the tasks is on Stanley.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. She will call the cafe at 613-785-4329.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. She graduated with honours from uni.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking curry.
Matt feels that his homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway and they prefer talking to him. Matt stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity.
Katie will pick up Ann's son Tim tomorrow. They spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau.
Sharon's mother is angry at her and she's grounded. She wants Sharon to move out of her parents' house. She's 19 and still lives with her parents.
Rob is looking at today's memes and they mostly refer to things that are stupid or have no humour value.
Mike will refill the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie told him it was a terrible idea. Gary loves it and has met loads of cool people. Gary is not good at being around new people.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon for the online shop Direndia45. Kristi needs new trainers. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
Andre and Megan are shocked about the bear attack on the zoo.
Mick didn't get the confirmation emai from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year. The costs in the line "other expenses" were doubled because the boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan and his family will attend the championship.
Terry will take his dog away before Dinny comes.
Anastasia and Darrell took their new school photos. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April. Jane will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they were not found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day in Warsaw. There are a lot of vendors selling roses on the street and chocolate everywhere. It's 3 degrees today. Bella will order some pizza home. Aria will fly to Warsaw as soon as she finishes work. Bella is probably going to Korea to get regular checkup.
Sutter is injured and can't go to the ball game tonight. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put on her make up. It will take her about an hour.
Carmen will be on Friday night to help Viola organize the wedding.
Madeline and Alex had a fight today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Betty has been busy. Mom wants Betty to call Grandpa from time to time.
William will prepare spaghetti alla vongole for dinner.
Maria, Martha, Alexander and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss all remaining questions after the IMF lecture and do the calculations. Sarah will not be there, because she is working.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah and Anna don't want to go.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes with studying over the next couple of days before going to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky has a new kitten named Coco. It took her 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. People there live in a different world when it comes to environmental awareness.
Tina is still at work and her phone is dying. Adam will call her when she's back home.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some lunch.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Lisa will be back before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. The bus is leaving in 3 minutes.
Sophie is interested in buying a quince from Noah. William went to collect the rest of them for her immediately. They're in a basket on Noah's terrace. The quince will keep for a couple of days. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins too and go back to Noah asap.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers (the ones with grey flowers), one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad. Ellie sends her a funny video.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
Jeff and Mark are amazed by his new car. Jeff will bet Mark 100 bucks that he will be the first one to drive it.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. They will have a little celebration tonight.
Kathy's aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy is also going to get it cut a bit shorter.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to discuss his work with Claudia and Andy.
Den's mother cried over a TV show this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out of the house more. Den will invite her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3.
Phoebe will open her door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai.
Russ hasn't read the report David emailed yesterday yet. He will do it by midday. David will answer some emails.
Catherine and Ben are going to visit their uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go because he doesn't like family visits.
Clay will meet Kaya in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. He will take it tomorrow.
Bert is getting home around 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's new dishwasher has arrived. It's a 12 place setting one.
Harvey is waiting for an update. Michelle is still researching.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
The cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden is closed. Julia and Henry are disappointed. They went to the Lilly's instead.
Olivia is going to do her accounts and upload a few videos to YouTube. She doesn't do much post-production.
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups while cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is recovering from the disease. Stella wants to take her to the cinema.
Harley and Ruby are discussing a divorce filing. The guy was a serial cheater and his wife is taking him to the cleaners. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work stuff, fighting with Brad and too much going on at mom's. He will see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Today is derby day. Titus is supporting Manchester United.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy hasn't read the agenda yet. Don is going on a trip next week. Cindy booked his plane tickets and hotel.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered mushroom pizza.
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also loves Galway Girl.
Jaz will pop in to Sharon's to sort out her roots on Sunday at 2.30.
Pete will be home in 20 minutes for lunch.
Kas will let Laura know if he can tidy up her dreads this weekend.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 per day.
Professor Evans, who taught ethics, has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Mia want to go to the exhibition and to the cinema with Amelia. Amelia doesn't know James very well. They will go to his place afterwards.
The readings for Stephen's seminar are not yet in the print shop. Rita will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in the Belgrade city center. Ost wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will arrive in Poraj around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't want to join them because he doesn't like Sheryl.
Erin has just baked a cake. She wants to bring it to Zach, but he's busy cleaning the flat.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the third one didn't seem to like him.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants him to focus on motorways this time.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. They were playing together for some time, talking and at some point he invited her to a date.
Rael hates her job and wants to quit. She will talk to her friends about IT.
Susan had a great date. They went to a rollerskating disco.
Joe invites Pete over to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys tonight.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh has a son.
Nathalie, Jacob and Tony are going to Greece for a holiday on August 10th. Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam in Copley. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar. She just found out he lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally are going to Bernie's party on New Year's Eve. Telly is unsure about going to Luke's party as his apartment is not party-friendly. Ally and Chuck are also going to The Spot.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny advises him to drink some coffee and apply some oil.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester. Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time on his own.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached 5000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris. She doesn't know why he keeps saying certain things. She tries to talk to him, but he doesn't listen to her. He watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. Kate doesn't want to be friends with him any more.
Celine went on skates with Mark for the first time.
Sarah and Lia are going back home for Passover. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. Lia will see if her family can help her out. Last year they went to Negev. This year they are going to the desert. Sarah is flying on the 28th.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack hasn't received it yet. Gene will send him the tracking number.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro-ficule.
Raymond and Charlotte will have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and bring wine.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. It's the original cast with Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. The Situation was having some bad legal problems before, but he's a nice guy now. Season 2 is almost there, so Dwayne will watch it after they finish the first season.
Will is standing in a line longer than the post office itself in order to send a letter in the XXI century.
Ella and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was empty.
Molly and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Avril and Frank are going mushroom picking and to see horse racing at the weekend.
Mair will take Adam and Xander to Multisports tomorrow at half 10.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. He has been training every day this week. He goes to the gym twice a week. Ray and Dustin will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan will pick up the kids at 9 pm.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her phone. She went shopping and when she was paying she must have left it on the counter. She talked to every single store, but nobody found it. She has only had the phone for half a year. There is an option where you can display something on the screen.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. The victim is in the hospital. There will be an article in the paper.
Nathan and Deborah are going on a trip tomorrow. They are going to take the bicycles. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will meet at home. Nathan will be home around 6.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda. They are going to meet near the university instead.
Judie's girlfriend got a 1000 euro tattoo done at Warsaw Ink. Javier wants to get a tattoo too.
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August around 2 p.m.
Marsha, Cynthia, Mohammad and Gavin are going to Nosy Be, Madagascar for a week just on the beach.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from his mother's vagina.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Anna and Charlie will have a pizza tonight. Charlie is upset about what happened.
It's cold outside. Kris is sick. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
Leticia lost her wallet. She will get it back as soon as possible, but she will have to get new documents.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terence's money. Terence found it.
Levy hasn't thrown the garbage out yet.
Vinny will lend Willy his Mustang. Willy and Vinny will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another one. She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. Last week she did the same.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script. They need to produce something now.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together. Jared wants to ask Kelly out.
Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside for winter break. Reeve and Booker prefer mountains.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at her place.
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and she's thinking about applying for grad school. Grace has also thought about taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda didn't like parks and rec. She doesn't like the actress who plays the main character, Amy Poehler.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry, but Harry has no money to spend on it. Harry has a broken car and a shitty job.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. He doesn't know which one he should buy. The shop assistant is looking at him weird.
Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball and hockey. He likes Bulls and Bulls used to be better. Pat likes basketball too, but not as much as he used to. Mike would like to play basketball with Pat one day.
Nate's overbooked for the first day dinner. He has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah shared her fossil collection with Enrique's class. They loved it. Enrique wants Farrah to come back again and share her collection with their 4th grade students.
Zoey sends Thomas a photo to cheer him up on a cold day. Thomas is fine in the tropics. On Sunday he had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris and wants to see some countrysides. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am.
Pet shop sends Breann and Dianne a 10% discount code for new customers when they checkout. Breann wants to buy cheetah print.
Hugh and Wanda are going to make a pizza.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco. The last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast.
Derek McCarthy needs an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland and will give Derek McCarthy one. Tommy's wife will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. She will also give him his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 pm. Oona will buy the tickets for them.
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of exercise every day. Greg, Will and Anna support him.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new hipster bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. He will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room. Will and Amanda will wait for him inside.
Walker will bring his Xbox with him.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Anne and Kristian want to spend more time with Laura now.
The cafes by the river got damaged by the flods. They want to rebuild them, but the cost is high.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias on the making of the play Carlton saw last year. Ana invites Carlton to join them for an early dinner/drinks and then they'll grab an uber.
John sends Henry a photo of Bristol Stool Scale to read in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James is convinced that nothing will happen.
Linda will not be able to do any gardening before leaving.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room because he said something Drade didn't like. Drade will apologize and send the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital. Greg doesn't know if their medical insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with Charlie and his sister tonight.
Bella wants to have a drink with Clara. Clara won't be back before 7. She will fix a snack and bring wine. Bella will park somewhere along the road as her drive is taken by her camper.
Jose and Amanda are exchanging Christmas greetings. They are looking forward to the summer and to 2019. They will go to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow after work. Susan will cook something special.
Denise sends Dominique the test for tomorrow: units 2 and 3.
Sharon loves the lamps Steph bought at Ikea. She wants to buy hangers from copper, but Steph doesn't know where to get them.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke Stig's razor and wants to borrow it.
Patrick has changed his phone number to +44 7700 900077.
Uncle Sam came back from work. His father was in hospital, but it's nothing serious. Yvonne is dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop. Helen has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday but nobody knows the name. Boston looked it up on Google Images.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. He got a better offer from a different IT company in London. Amber will have to look for a new flat.
Vicky, Greg, Ludovica, Audrey, Michelle, Marty and kids will meet at Fratelli's at 7.30 pm. It's raining.
Kaylin sends Amir a gif of Cynthia and Joel. Kaylin has set three alarms for tomorrow.
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount. She's thinking of deleting wildangel3 and wildangel4. She created it when she was 10. Her sister is grounded for the month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at Vesinet at 5:30 pm.
Helen was calling Simon on the phone and he didn't hear her. He will fetch her some tissues.
There is a blizzard outside. It reminds Ricky of a time when he was hiking in the mountains with his friends. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy is going to the gig with her best friends at 6 pm. Maggie will come to her house at 6.30. The gig starts at 8.
Payday is tomorrow. Rose and Jake will buy Christmas gifts for everybody.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus and she's mixed about it. She thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed his driving exam for the fourth time.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. His mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old man. Steviee, Wilbur and Kellene are laughing at her.
Alice has a terrible flu. She hasn't taken any vaccine.
Someone left Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Sandra bought it before Marco's party. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has a lot of back pain recently.
Hannah is about to sleep. James will pick her up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink at Red Lion at 8.
Victor can't help with the event Sara is organizing this Saturday.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will try to hit on her soon. Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like the new professor who gave them a homework on pages 12-16.
Booth went to the local theatre the other day. Elvinina got invited and doesn't know what to wear.
Callum is a little busy.
Jacob is on his way to the parking lot. The buses are about to leave.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. Chuck made up a story about it.
Borns' new album, God Save Our Young Blood, is Rita's favourite. Florence's new single is out tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma. Amanita suggests she should plan her meals better.
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now middle-aged.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. People in Peter's bank are calm. Jeff has listened to some radio podcasts about the American economy. He's not an economist. He thinks the global economy will get weaker in the early 2020s.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult her because she was jealous. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann has extra math classes. She will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow as she needs to take Emma to the doctor. Emma has a fever and she's sleeping now.
Iga had planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel is 35 years old. He speaks Telugu, a language spoken in South east India. Telugu is written left to right. It is based on Brahmin script, which comes from the Phoenicians. Teluguland is 23 provinces and has nearly 90 million speakers.
Pete wants to buy pear yogurt. Jen wants it only if they have it. If they don't have it, she doesn't like any other flavour.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Daisy has sent Scarlett her RGS application.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding.
Chris tried jogging today. He did quite well. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Matt used to play football and his first performance after a long break was spectacular.
Eric and Dan watched Punisher season 2. They think it was better than the first season. They both think Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go shopping for shoes tomorrow after work. They will also get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne. Joana will bring them.
Jenny, Joan and Jeremy are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The concert is on 8th Avenue in Barcelona.
John and Matt have practice today.
George and Blake are coming.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy two milk for Alex in a few hours.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends at his place. Emma went to the seaside and visited a bunch of clubs. She had a cold.
Andy is working late until 4. Andy will be there by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry about the way the president is behaving. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added a guy on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. They are now engaged. They work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to deny Sarah's request for PTO because she is too low on the totem pole. He will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will have a long weekend.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order their seafood tagliatelle.
Ruth hasn't replied to Alan's email yet. He's sending her an attachment right now.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. She needs to send him a PDF file.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping after work.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by Donald Trump's comments about congresswoman.
Luis doesn't want Cole to talk to his roommate.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Andrew Simmons is sending the list of people who are coming to the individual meetings tomorrow. Samuel Anderson has an appointment with a doctor. Katherine Jackson won't be coming, because she has a retake. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons's office, room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting to see her doctor. A nun and a blind man are waiting with her.
Lisa, Sarah and Mary are going to take their son to the Aquarium. Frank will help them.
Mario will bring Conor a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Ditty will come over to Inga's around 6 pm to collect it.
Damian is happy for Higuain, because he scored twice against Huddersfield. Jacob and Mason didn't watch the game.
The diamond is in Kenya. Jay will lend Joe some money to buy tickets for the event. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Robyn drank too much last night. She is feeling better today.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam has only been to a few countries.
Gino doesn't know whether to wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to wear black trousers and black shoes. Gino decides to wear blue trousers and brown shoes.
James is going to pick up Richard at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's costume for a school play.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to meet in a pub on Friday at 8 o'clock.
Anna studies a lot and finds it hard to make sense of it all. Ignorance is a bliss for Anna, but Jerry tries to look for positives.
Jacks has played poker on the Bulls Eye platform several times. He made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how he's been a great friend over the years.
Edward, Kate and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old friends. Gabriel is at home looking into what she's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Leo and Ethan are going to see solstafir at 21.11 on Wednesday. Noah might have to stay late at work.
Marleen is going to town in half an hour to buy a present for Rita. Barry will give her the most expensive one with yellow pattern for 39 dollars.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas are going for a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready, so Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. The food and outside attractions will be prepared by a company.
Sarah didn't get any replies from Laura. Laura is on an exotic island called Linate.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Matt and Brian are going on a trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Brian will pack his passport.
Ross and Chandler will go karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything. Ross will sing George Michael.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to parties because they don't like crowd, drunk people and noise. They also prefer sightseeing.
Gyle is on his way to see Brook.
Kate and Regina had a good feedback on their presentation. Only 3 people came to listen to it.
Zac is on his way to visit Barbara. Sean will come over and stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school is over. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site and wants to get an apprenticeship in bricklaying. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigarettes. They will meet outside the club at 6.
Dick is looking for an apartment in building 32. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes. Dick will put 10% down as a down payment. Dick has already seen 5 apartments in this neighbourhood.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm for Chinese food.
Marshall can't go out tonight. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu is in trouble because his IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD instead of on a disc. Priscilla bought the software online.
Rita wants to know more about Salvage Industries' major business. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Robert and Anthony will meet for a beer around 9. Anthony will go with Andrew in the evening. Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake just pulled his first TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches but he's not a good fit for his squads.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop, so they need to borrow one from somebody. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram, but it's running windows 10.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. She forgot to take the file with the xerox copies. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today.
Deana got a card from Constantine. Constantine was very happy. Deana found a pair of sunglasses in the empty place above the radio in the very back of her car.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica tells Kelly about the scariest place she's been to, Palermo in Italy. It's the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. He works 16 fixed hours at the cafe and works on his illustrations during the rest of the week. He wants to go part time next year, but it won't allow it for a year.
Tim is planning to invite some people from work over for a gaming evening. Joe ran the local club and gives him some tips on how to organize the event.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. They will meet at Starbucks down 8th street after 3 pm tomorrow to start planning out the project. Holy will be back on Monday.
Gurdun is feeling a little better after the flu. He might be back at the uni this week, but not tomorrow. His team won the last match. Gurdun and Russ had the same flu three months ago.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a funny video.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a happy Christmas.
Samara has nothing new to share with JP.
Michael can't make it today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the current political situation in Europe. They discuss Poland's situation. They agree that Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism.
Tilly had to go for detention. She will be home in 40 minutes.
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place this Saturday. Gloria will prepare the food and drink.
Whitney and Shadrack will go to I-max cinemas to see "Aqua Man" the day it's released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one.
Katherine will ask her dad if she can bring her at 11 am. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena needs Martin's help with assembly instructions for her new desk. He can't help her today, but he will tomorrow.
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's number. Everett introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Ross has to work 2 hours tonight. Diane wanted to do something. Ross will be worn out after all hat work, so they will just chill at home.
Ed thinks sex is for married people and only for procreation.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week to discuss the shoot. They will meet at Gaya's studio on Wednesday and Friday.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw next July. Matt, Tony and Phil want to go. The cheapest tickets start from PLN 250.
Dan will split the food from the BBQ equally between everyone. There are no leftovers for Sara and Ashley. Eric and Gerardo cooked their own food.
Camila and Harper are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight. Harper will order a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time.
Harry will be late for his birthday party. Michael and Vanessa are on their way, but Peter is stuck in a traffic.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to let them see it.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick. Patrick will take care of him for the next couple of days.
Nancy will make an apple pie for Phil. He will be home in an hour.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Pogba scored after his first 60 minutes.
Sybille's son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. Sybille has trouble with online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. She's angry because the flight is operated by Delta Airlines. Air France will contact Delta US.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now. Slade will bring the ball.
Holt is 21. He wants to buy his sister a set of DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday.
Georgia will wear it to parties.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay for two nights at Nina's place. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal likes Beyonce's tweet.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. She likes the girl who is in the competition. Alec thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money from John. John sent the money to 44-1278 but it went to someone else's account. John will have to go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re-send it to the right account.
James is going to work.
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died.
Freddy will sing at the school concert on Friday. He will send Simon three tracks of songs he likes to sing. Simon will play guitar as well.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. His parents are on their way. Tommy liked the weekend. They will do it again in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer.
Israel hasn't sewn anything yet. Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. Israel will see the whole dress soon.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She had a great week there and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula hates the game with super hard levels. She can't get past 637 no matter what she does. Stewart suggests looking up the cheats online.
There's an ad coming up for a computer investigator job that pays 80 thou. Bethany doesn't want to apply for it because she doesn't like talking to stupid users all day.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her. Jackie's brother-in-law earns enough money for his kids, but he doesn't have any debt.
Mike, Joseph and Sean are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They all make notes. They don't want to share them with Sean.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Kate are in the little room next to the reception. Kate noticed a woman making a cake with a huge penis on it. She is working in the small room under the stairs.
Larry and Kirsten are going to have a vote on insurance. They will ask Jamie and John for their opinion.
Lesley wants Chloe to take the dog for a walk when she gets home. Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Her dad has to work late tonight.
Natalie's wallet is in her room.
Phil is out of town. Rob wants to see him in person tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He wants to break up with Nicole.
Mike woke up with an allergy.
David wants to get a new tattoo but doesn't know what to get. Mike will go get one with him.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and some chocolate for after the dinner.
There is a road blocked of and vans everywhere on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted him to do it, because Joe did a bad job last time.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Nick usually uses his mobile service.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week.
Mia, Peter and Karine are worried about Donald Trump.
Madison saw an offer for Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina wants to meet Patrick. Demi advises her to chill out with men.
Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit Winnie instead.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. He thinks it is caused by condensation. He recommends installing a fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy's company will repaint the walls to get rid of the mould. Betty will send him a detailed quote for the work via email.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures and he will be a host. Claire will go to Jo's workshop on teamwork.
Rob wants to sell his flat as it's too small for him and his partner to have a baby. He's seeing a friend who's relocating to another city and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She is seeing Rome, Florence and Venice. She will be in San Francisco from 1-5 September. Charlie wants to meet her again. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode gives Adele the whole Album in USB.
Ian dumped Claire 1,5 years ago.
Violet is going on vacation and she's as hairy as a gorilla. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and she doesn't like it. She recommends shaving with the grain.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean, Rick and John are discussing the trade deadline today. John needs a QB. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he's on waivers. John might have a way to drop the QB rule completely next year.
Amelia's mum was on a crazy diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week and liked it. Alex was thinking of going this weekend with Lane, but he's seen some bad reviews. Gina loved Eddie Redmayne as Newt.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary moved to Southampton in December.
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash better than batman.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his ass. Marek found it on the escalator in the shopping mall.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will have drinks at Daniel's place. Daniel's sister Hannah is visiting.
Bart bombed his economy final and ended up with a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have. Adrian didn't do that bad in his economics class. Bart started playing StarCraft during school. He's not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party. Elliot loved it.
Jennifer and Reece will watch "Mad Max" on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary is back home with her new baby.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's at 5.
Kate is at the grocery store buying apples and tangerines for George and herself for school tomorrow.
Sam wants to buy a new pair of earphones from Lia. The earphones cost £187, but Sam can have them delivered to him through courrier for £4. Sam needs Lia's address and telephone to collect the earphones.
Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Emilly will lend her blue handbag to Kate for Monica's wedding on Friday.
Gina will come to Monica's office to borrow a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. Aubrey suggests hanging it on the wall or in the hallway, but Nathan doesn't want to do that. Nathan also has a stationary bike and he does 25 kilometers everyday. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the Marvel Universe. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7.
Michael has been on a 2-week trip to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend, because he found a cheap ticket. He is tired of his job and wants to leave London.
Carol got more fruit from her garden. Jacob wants to make preserves with it, but Carol doesn't have time for that. Jacob will pick up the fruits on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly can't think today. It's the silly season.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will be done with the article in a few minutes. The piece is needed by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido has trouble understanding Agata's posts on Facebook. Agata has just started coding.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian.
Adam's plane has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. He will be there in less than 24 hours. Hannah will prepare something for dinner for him.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make soup.
Kyle will get Harry by bus because his car is making a weird noise.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela had to buy a box of it at Ikea.
Susan spent a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most time walking along the seaside. Toby proposed and Susan said yes.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva has to go home in an hour. Olivia will keep her ready and bring her a bottle of milk. Eva will drop her off tomorrow.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing you whenever they feel like it. She had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Josie doesn't like Eco's Foucault's Pendulum. She would like to read one of his novels in Italian, but she's not sure her level of Italian is adequate.
Evan has the flu and has to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow. He will reschedule for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park around 9 p.m. Patrick and Camille will join her. Later they will go party.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and noticed a commercial of different medical products and so on. In the commercial they mentioned a name of an illness he has never heard of. He did some research and found out that it's not an illness.
Greg has some notes from statistics. Dave's don't even exist.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally doesn't feel well. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are going to meet on Friday evening at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run, so she may be late. Joy will show Sandy Lina's dress.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted found plasters and kept them till this morning after his shower.
Lily and Mary will call Kyle in 10 minutes via Facetime.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away.
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will look at their website.
Ava is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and an ambulance were called. It turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow and Janet will go to Asia in September. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm over beer and talk. Forster wants to go to the mountains.
Lee is confused because he saw a client manager wearing a suit and a suit jacket after work. He has some sort of a presentation. Lee bought RoS CE and pre-purchased Wings, Wings and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's Strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
John and Laurel will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. She loves her but she's allergic to cats. She's taking medication for it.
After the wedding there will be an after party at Mark's house. Kristina and Matthew are going.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. They should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. After that they will go to some bar. Rachel is nervous about joining the team.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to her party on Saturday.
Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis because she has a cold.
Lydia's legs are amazing after months at the gym.
Mick is doing student exchanges in Erasmus. He's going to the club with his friends for Halloween. Amka is going to stay in. In Poland they don't celebrate Halloween. On November 1st they go to the cementary with their families.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Mae hopes to have the dress soon.
Fiona is in love with Conrad, her 5-year-old student. She can't stand being in one room with him all the time. She wants to do something about it, but she doesn't know what to do.
Tim, John and Alice are worried about the situation in Kongo.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December around 10:00 or 11:00. They will also meet on 17th.
Bradley is busy at work. He will contact Joanne later.
Iris's husband is famous because of his 1 interview. Iris's parents are glad that he found a decent man. Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Luke, Gerardo and Julia will have to add her to the car rental price. Ken will add her back to the group.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. She did her research on the internet. Fitz suggests she goes to the library.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair.
She asked him.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling together on Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't think he likes her. Cathy thinks he does. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about being a lion tamer last night. Lynn and Charlie think dreams are telling us something.
Charles feels weird recently, bloated and he gain weight even though he doesn't eat much. He thinks he might have a gluten intolerance. Karen and Jack advise him to stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Monica did the same thing with lactose.
Ulysses got an A, Peter got a B. Martha can check their grades online.
Ralph tells Andrew a Polish joke about sinking a battleship in water.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour and costs 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture from Crazy Lenses.
Linda is on a flower market looking for a bouquet for her mother. She doesn't know which one she likes. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late. Gary will try and delay the main presentation.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 pm. Marcus has a meeting at 1 pm.
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg. Meg needs 5 more minutes because she lost her key somewhere.
Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight. Kim will give Ben a rain check.
Stanley is dead.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix advise her to calm down.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 flights affecting Erin, Luke and Ava. Elijah's flights have not been cancelled. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but she's fine. A man was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk and kissed Ross at an office party two months ago. She's pregnant. Ross is happily married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. There were no waves, 3 wipeouts and one surfboard to the head. The low tide is at 2:22 PM tomorrow.
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next one next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 pm on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent Agnieszka and Weronika a gif.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up for it. British media made some negative comments on it.
Janice has watched almost all 50 best films of 2018. She watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers 2 times.
