Betty called Larry last time they were at the park together. Amanda has Betty's number.
Eric and Rob are watching MACHINE on youtube.
Lenny wants Bob to help her choose the first pair of purple trousers.
Will will pick Emma up and she will be home soon.
Jane is in Warsaw for dinner on the 19th and the 18th. They have lunch on Friday. Ollie is in Morocco.
Benjamin, Hilary and Daniel are meeting for drinks in the evening. They will go back to the apartment together. They will meet at 2 pm at the entrance to the conference hall. Hilary will take the keys and take a nap.
Max is looking for good sites to buy clothes from. Payton likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks. She likes reading books.
Rita is tired at work. She keeps nodding off at her keyboard in hopes that the boss won't notice.
Beatrice is in town shopping. Leo doesn't want to buy a scarf because he had a cold last winter.
Eric is coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Eric has a lot to do at home and doesn't know if his parents will let him.
Wanda and Gina are going to a party on Friday. Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping.
Martin won two cinema tickets to the new film with Redford organized by the movie magazine.
Charlee is in Portuguese theatre class. One of her subjects at university is Portuguese theatre. Charlee is preparing a Polish translation into Portuguese.
Ella rented a car.
Luke is looking for someone to join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. Paul is on holiday with his girlfriend.
Greg needs to stay after work. Betsy can't pick up Johnny. Greg will talk to Betsy later.
Toby, Marshall and Ethan are making fun of each other.
Igor is demotivated to give too much work to someone on their notice period. John thinks it's irresponsible.
Clara and Neela are watching Dear White People on Netflix. Clara and Neela are going to watch a series 3 next year. Clara is watching the rest of a movie and will try Dear White People.
Mike parked his car in the garage today.
Deirdre invited Beth to a surprise party for her mother's 40th birthday. They will have a cuppa and a chat tomorrow after school.
The exam is a lottery. It's all about experience. There are rules and some texts from previous years. It's good to read all the texts. Emma will read everything from the website.
Karen and Adam talked to May yesterday. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call a psychologist to help her.
Mark lied to Anne because he was 30 and she saw his passport today.
It's Wharton's birthday party next week. Darlene, Heather and Walker will buy Wharton's office equipment.
Kelly and Mickey are going to a sculpture garden in Finland. Ollie is going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah's phone number is off.
Eric and Bella discussed what happened in boss's room today. The boss appreciated the decision to dismiss the client's request.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM. Emma will wake Ben up around 4.15 PM.
Jesse wants to do something for the less fortunate this year. Maxine and Lee agree to chip in for the third one.
Mary is at the train station and needs Carter to lend her a few boxes.
Charlotte asks Paula how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
Jack and May will have cocktails later today.
Margaret is having a headache and wants Jack to buy her some painkiller.
Serge didn't pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He will let Andrei know if it works.
Janice's son has asked her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Daniel, Mary and Lucas are playing DA II.
Judy is attracted to guys. Judy is attracted to Bruce and Andrew.
Chloe is on tv.
Tina's and Ala's Emirate staff looks amazing. They keep them one hour in the plane. Tina will catch the evening flight back home. Ala is on her way to a meeting.
Sebastian moved to a new place a year ago. He's learning how to be resourceful, he's learning responsibility and he has the power to make his dreams come true. He's happy to have someone he loves by his side.
Frank wants Son to come home this weekend. Son's mother misses him and he misses her too. Son will try.
Ola and Kate are in Cuba. They have no connection to each other, but they are enjoying their trip. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicing again.
Ann doesn't have John's new number.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of a baby cow.
Stephen didn't take Josh's notebook home by accident. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new dog from the biscuit lab. It's 4 months old. The cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to have a baby. Speedy wants to play.
Tabora and Kristian are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's. They are waiting for her to pick them up.
Petra needs to sleep because she's too sleepy. Ezgi is working.
Nick wants to meet Jane for a drink.
Adam's friend told Nate that he saw Tim with a guy.
Lilly is going to be late. Lilly will order the food for Gabriel. They will order pasta with salmon and basil.
Celine is not at home. She will drop by in the evening.
Craig needs help with his computer. Derek will get to his car in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app shows that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today.
Paul wants to buy red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop.
Gary and Lara are going to Tom's birthday party around 5 pm. Tom is supposed to be back home at 5:30. Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Laura and Paul are going to meet in 15 minutes.
Salma shares the latest cat meme with Hugh.
The results should be announced soon. Peter didn't get into Stanford.
Jake, Nadia and Vanessa don't have English today. Smith called in sick and couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. Luke broke his credit card. Ian will lend him $100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja will go to the restaurant Inez sent on Wednesday.
Catherine doesn't want to go to visit her grandma tomorrow.
Joyce sends a link to a cheap ticket for Edson.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30.
Suzanne is taking a break. Morgan and Suzanne miss each other. Morgan wants to go to Maroon 5 concert next week.
The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad found it. Ali will bring it to the university tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow.
Natalie, Martin, Adam, Anna and Margot are going to celebrate Natalie's birthday on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out tonight after work. They will grab some drinks and have some time outside of work.
Jayden wants to have children. Brennan wants to find a guy who can give her the sex she wants and not get pregnant.
The USA won last night. England are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela forgot her walle. John wants her to keep it free.
Mary's sister tells Mark that she's doing an online job.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. She will prepare a tart from Tina's.
Peadar, Clare, Annette and Oli are meeting for a drink. They're going to Jesus bar from 9.15.
Ryan feels bad about Ukraine and hopes the leaders of nations will react to it.
Finn and Zadie are going to Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the unspecified main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song he sent Harry 3 days ago. He will talk to Harry later.
Someone locked the door in Max's room. He has to pee.
Harry will tell Kim what kind of gift she wants for her mom.
Josh wants to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi and Sony.
Olafur, Nathalie and Zoe are going to Soho for New Year's Eve. They are going to buy tickets for the club.
Andy is watching Arrow B. Frank will study for it tomorrow.
Kim will cook ramal fish for Margot.
Tom and Ben will meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got a job and they are going to the cinema.
Danna is angry because she called 5-8 of her friends on Saturday. She can't watch TV because her subscription expired and they haven't renewed it.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She finds the topic interesting and she doesn't mind reading articles and books.
Maddie is in Asda. John will prepare a white bread and apples for the gala.
Elliot can't talk because he's busy. Jordan's colleague Brad had a liver cancer and he's going to a funeral tonight. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th. Gina will get Flo a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. Ann can't pick up her phone because she's meeting. Rob and Ann will have something for supper and lunch tomorrow. They will have cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and whatever they like.
Marvin reminds Melany the last time she got laid.
Eric, Samantha and Noah are talking about the recent scandal.
Jacky was right about taking the blame yesterday. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Chris are in Cancun for the last two days before flying to Havana. Rick will join them in the lobby at 6:45 pm. Chris will talk to Rick tomorrow.
Ying's 10-year-old challenge to everyone is amazing.
Daniel and Missy are having drinks after dinner.
Pete cleaned the hamster cage after school.
Randolph will buy 5 earplugs for Maya in the pharmacy.
David will buy an iPad for his dad for Christmas. David will order it online and send it home.
Isabella liked Betty's work.
Amy is working now.
Alex will join Huda in swimming in 2 hours.
Janet is ashamed because Trump voted for her son.
Teacher is confused about Rashi's career. Teacher advises her to choose a career that suits her interests.
Corbin wants to report school violence at the Jungang high school. Corbin's friend is the victim of the violence. Corbin's friend is not hitting him anymore. Corbin will call Dimitri now.
Joel doesn't know a good technician who works in IT. Pablo is on vacation this week.
Ann is preparing a surprise party for her dad's birthday. Fiona's dad doesn't like it. Ann's dad watches a lot of military movies. Ann's dad doesn't like the surprise party. Fiona's mum doesn't like the surprise party.
Lincoln and Jenson will go to Alene's place.
Lisa needs Bob to clean the house because it's dirty.
Luke, Martial and Jose are preparing for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at Carrington and go to his office early.
Emily sends Julie a lot of kisses.
Frederick and Ricky like Frederick's new neighbours.
Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now and lives in Kings Norton. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago and she has only one grandchild. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday at 11 and go for lunch and a trip down memory lane.
John and Joan are going to see "A Star is Born" on Wednesday at 8 pm.
George and Donna will meet in a coffee shop tonight to discuss a sensitive issue.
Fabian's mom is calling Louis.
Irene is going shopping with her little boy. She will take him with her.
Tony sends a photo of a cute little cat to Amy and Lucas.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. Matt and Thomas are going with Maria.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool.
Jeff, Mico and Jim will go to the village party.
Paul is looking for someone to watch the game on Saturday.
Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting. Ryan wants Jack to join him.
Joanne is going back home for the holidays. Her parents separated a few months ago. Joanne's mum left her dad for his secretary. Joanne's mum is devastated and she's going to cheer her up.
Raul has had a bad night. Jen had to go to a friend yesterday because she broke up with her boyfriend.
Angie has a problem with her stomach. She will make an appointment with her doctor.
Naheeda and Kelvin will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen are going to have lunch at a pasta joint next to their apartment. They will wait for Amanda.
Marty has sprained her ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school. Christine will take Marty to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will bring the video game to Peyton's house.
Alicja's job interview went well.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight.
Sean overslept.
Chris, Tom and Chris are going to go to a jacuzzi in their garden. Chris and Tom will bring a TV from their living room.
Harry wants Cindy to call Ela and tell her he needs to talk urgently.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take the dog.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He's coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia is doing fine at the university. She will have 6 exams this term.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will meet for a coffee at 2 pm in a side alley near the square.
Jeff hasn't been to the doctor lately and doesn't have to take meds. Tina has the same thing and takes meds every day.
Kristina is watching a new season of Tyra Banks on tv.
Daniel is flying to Bologna this fall. He will stay at the airport for 2 hours. Simone will come to Bologna in December for a weekend.
Mike will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy has a bad day at work. Gemma is organising a barbecue at the weekend. She will bring some wine and food.
Pat will come in the evening around 9 pm. Pat didn't catch the train today, but she has another project to finish. She will be there tomorrow morning. Bart will open the door for Pat. Pat is a painter.
Erin and Ashley will meet at the camp or restaurant to do the interview.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing a panel for the conference. Tommy will have a PowerPoint presentation.
Maxwell and Jeanice are going to have a coffee tonight to talk about Marcus's behavior at school.
Mike and Ben are going for a beer.
Leah went to the poetry reading last night. She met a creepy man who talked to her about an event Leah attended. He called all of Leah's friends who had come with him. Leah asked him how he knew about it and he googled her out.
Nicky's phone is off.
Ken wants Greg's money back.
Alexander wants Tom to send him a message when he will be in taxi.
There are 5 bouncy castles and a huge bouncy dragon in the hall. Shane organized a carnival party for children at the university.
Ian left his green folder on the dining room table.
Simon will be free at 5 to talk to Adrian.
Jen is angry at her boyfriend because he doesn't want to give her back her money. Jane is angry because he doesn't want to give her back her money.
Dean and Poppy are going to have dinner tonight. Poppy is not preparing anything. Dean will get something for Poppy on her way home.
Gab and Kat will meet for a drink.
Agatha's presentation on Economics is ready.
Imagine Dragons are coming to the ABC Theatre on July 12th. Sally and Tim will go to the concert together.
Andrew wants to take Bez's car to Krizingen, but it showed low brake fluid level. The car passed general inspection only in June. The plants in the basement are watered once a week.
Keith and Laura are visiting their parents on Saturday. They are studying for a big project. Keith's mum bought him a birthday present.
Pegah is in class till 15:00 and then she works from 17:00 till about 21:30. She will be back at 22:00.
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday. Pam needs to go shopping, cook and clean. She doesn't have time to pick up the balloons.
This year Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter.
Jim will listen to his latest music project when he gets home.
Shannon recommends Kane to listen to the new 30 seconds to mars album.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour.
Caroline is about to tugging on her testicles again.
Ron sent Josh something to check his email.
Phoebe broke her mum's perfume.
Rob and Eve are meeting tomorrow. The stores are open. They have to go in the morning.
Sandra has a special place in her heart for men who take care of animals. Her ex has been thinking about their split-up recently and he stated that it was a mistake. She will be at Betty's at 6.
Anna shares a photo of clothes with Peter. Peter doesn't know how many pairs of trousers he has.
Dan got an injection with anesthesia but it doesn't work anymore and it hurts.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to his place by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series that Biwott told her about yet. Chloe will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo on her leg. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
The toilet upstairs might be blocked. Wendy doesn't want to flush the toilet downstairs. Wendy's sister's birthday was on her sister's birthday and she had to get a present.
Rowen and Kaylen are driving left-hand traffic in Kaylen's country.
Tom has to go to Robinson Crusoe Island.
Emely has problems with filling in the gaps in a task. Titus will send her a photo of the task and write her answers.
Marco has received Aldo's email with 12 pages of his article.
Harris' friend Aoki died yesterday. She lives in Michigan and hasn't seen her for a few months.
Hannah wants to change her life this year. First, she's going to lose weight and exercise every day, second, she's going to learn how to cook, and finally, she's going to find her future husband.
Trevor needs advice on how to break up with his father, because Abigail sneaked into his house. Trevor's father is a church pastor. Richard wants Trevor to pay child support.
Julia likes her Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and sometimes Facebook. Julia and Gail are addicted. Julia likes to share photos of her friends. Gail likes to spy on Ppl.
Anne hates Miranda because she called Tom yesterday and wants to take Tom away from her.
Ella wants to know if she's coming and if she has any dietary requirements via this link. Eva wants to know if she's coming and if she needs the information for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this coming Thursday.
Allison got a scholarship.
Abdellilah and Sam will meet at 9.
Phil and Betty are going to the cinema tonight. They will watch two comedies and one thriller. They will meet at 6 pm near the theatre. They will have dinner with Phil at home.
Robert is looking for a new job after his success in the Ukraine. He knows a Belgian man who is thinking of opening a new factory here.
Lily spent an amazing night with a Romanian guy named Thomas.
Sam is looking for a dress for his wife. Sarah fashion will help him choose the dress. Sam will place the order on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while. She's been off social media. She uses Facebook to keep in touch with people.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. He will bring his food and join Jason after work. Afterwards they will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio. She has a new job for 6 months and her brother is going to live there.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and then decide which studies he should choose. Hayden is interested in African studies, but doesn't know what to do in the future to make good money. Hayden is thinking about working as a flight attendant.
Alan found a company for flavored whiskey. It has no sugar, no flavor and added cinnamon flavoring.
Yaz and Mary are going to the slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick up Mary at 6 o'clock.
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university. They are having their classes at 342 on the second floor.
Aaron's cat's face looks like it's taking a dump.
William has been in que for 20 minutes. It's his turn to come back in 5 minutes.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow and got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie, Kelly, Jim and Mary are watching Netflix series Mad Men. Greg is watching House of Cards. Nancy is watching Desperate Housewives.
Toni and Sonia went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed at the airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. Toni will contact the landlady who rents a room in the apartment.
Malik wants to try paleo diet and keto diet. Samantha wants to lose weight.
Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Some clients are negotiating for days and weeks and then they pull out.
Timothée Chalamet is being Photoshopped into artworks.
Peter has been working out too much. Lisa wants to get in shape. Peter also wants to work out. Peter has a membership in the gym near his office. He does weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa thinks he needs to eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup.
There are the CSS tests today. Don is not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. It's supposed to be a database of all the young up-and-coming hockey stars.
Jessica went to the secondhand shop in downtown. She bought a table, six chairs, a vase and a pile of clothes.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday.
Lucian has left his pasta in the microwave.
Jeni loves Doug's shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews.
Kate and Marta will have a drink after work at Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Jane is allergic to peanuts. She ordered a cake and a cheesecake for Anne. She started swelling after the first bite.
Tiffany wants Railey to buy her a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping to Midtown.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to get Halloween costumes.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom is a few meters away from Jeffrey and Elena.
Sophia wants Mason to kiss her. Mason sends her a photo.
Steffen is more disabled than usual since he twisted his ancle yesterday. He will park at the bottom and hike up. Dan is sure Mr. Budd will make it.
Mike, Jake, Florence and Margot are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow because she has the flu. Christine has a blocked nose, sore throat and a cold. Annie will drop the bags through Christine's letterbox later.
Bob is angry at Jill for calling Sarah.
Peter starts his new job on the 6th at 8. He will get a babysitter.
Aimee went to Maryam's house.
George, Robert and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 pm. Yousuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car.
Mitch is going to join Bill and Sammy for the International Camp. Mitch will drive 1000 km on Sunday 29th. Mitch will pick up Bill on a Flixbus.
Jones and Angelina will meet today in the afternoon in town.
Alyssa likes Fergie's national anthem Illuminati. Derek saw it last week.
Lauren needs Pam for tomorrow. She will call in the morning and let Lauren know if she has any more work.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She was in a run-down building in the neighbourhood and went to investigate it with her friends. She didn't find any ghosts.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev switched the computer on.
Dan will text Angela back and she will explain everything if she agrees to meet up.
Shaldona sends Piper her wedding invitation.
Paula and Ralph will meet the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow.
Ema is coming in 2 minutes. The movie has already started.
The agreement will have a special legal status and will divide the seabed up.
Joe's job gives him more work. Tim's friend Terry quit his job because he had problems sleeping.
Judy is going to a new club at Regents Street this weekend. Denise has been there a few times. Natalie wants to go with Judy. Judy is going on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo and Alex are discussing how to do presentations in groups.
John is at school. Nora talked to John's math teacher on the phone.
Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. Louis's friend told him about a new writer. Louis can't remember the name of the writer.
Debbie wants to buy a red dress. Denise suggests a green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia doesn't have a credit card to buy a flight ticket. Tom will send her the link.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre.
Ella got a text from her mom. She won a hundred in the lottery.
There was a car accident on the Circle Mall.
Bob is watching the game and has a few people over. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. Jim is going skiing trip with his family this weekend. Bob will come to a meeting with his friends at a bar.
Julie, Debra and Jules are going to meet up again. The event is over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David went to Ethan's house to babysit. David's sister was naughty. David's phone was switched off.
Conrad forgot his keys and will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a strange smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well because she has caught the flu.
Ludmila has a triceratops dinosaur. Jacopo will tell her why later.
Sean and Logan are going to the pub tonight.
Liam left his phone at his place.
Claire wants to buy a dress for her bride.
Victor has taken over Chris's company. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office.
Patricia shares a fair-trade brand with Elle and Florence.
Abigail didn't attend the part last night. Ethan is currently in Los Angeles. Ethan will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan will take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s. He speaks only Albanian with his parents. Miro's father is from the seacoast of Albania.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and she's at home alone. Rose and Julie will have a spontaneous sleepover.
Lucy's daughter is 15. Patricia's daughter turned 15.
Dan, Tom and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8 pm. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday at noon.
Amelia wants to do her nails too. Casey did it herself and got a new nail polish. Kristen will do it for them too.
Kate reminded Sharol about sociology assignment.
Jamie had a high fever and cough last year. Helen has a great perdiatrician, Dr Tornez, who treats every case individually. He is available at the City Medical Centre next to the mall.
Tim forgot about his mum.
Caroline's mother doesn't like her. Caroline's first husband is 26 but he lives at home with mummy and gramma. He used to spend all the time at home, so he lives at home with mummy and gramma.
Vincent broke Vincent's lamp with his bare hand.
Nestor is thinking about buying a new laptop as Black Friday is approaching. Olaf is going to the mall tomorrow to check if the laptop he wants is cheaper.
Nancy wants to learn how to read the news online. Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter. Phil doesn't want to use Instagram. Nancy wants to learn more about Tumblr.
The guy with dreads is awkward.
James will pick up Sue's car and pay for it tomorrow.
Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and she has to deliver a translation tomorrow. She will come to Nada in an hour to pick up her laptop.
Kelly and Betty went to the pub and met some people from school. They didn't talk about it.
Adele went to Easter. Anne will invite Louise and Adele will bring chocolate eggs.
Peggy hasn't fixed her computer yet. Melody advises her to buy a new one.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet's boss can be a bitch.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a self-organized tour. They will choose a cheaper option from a tour operator.
Stanley can't go for the weekend with her because of work. She was angry and didn't listen to him. She accused Stanley of having an affair. Stanley is finishing the analysis for the pervious one, but it should be done tonight.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. Kimberly got the umbrella from her mom a few years ago.
Jake applied for an accounting position at Pandora last week. He was promoted twice during these 5 years and the salary increase with each promotion is quite significant. The company is partly finances language and accounting courses. There is also an annual bonus that depends on your achievements and private healthcare. Jake got a call from his HR department yesterday and invited him to an interview on Monday.
Anna and Fiona will go to a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan washed his hands and the pipe under the washbasin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner.
Kim and Linda are cooking a meal for Claire.
Matt's parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for the subway.
Ann is hosting Tim Monday evening and dropping him off at the railway station next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week-end together in Saint Fargeau 20 years ago. Ann knows Ben since school. Katie remembers Ann's good friends calling Ann Cairns, Erik's wife and Ann's wife. Ann will send Katie's son a text message where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Sharon's mother is angry and she's grounded. She's 19 and lives with her parents. She wants Ahmed to move in.
Rob doesn't know if he's getting dumber or how it feels to get older.
The hand sanitizer by the restrooms is empty. Mike will refill it.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home.
Victor will pick David up from the airport. David is landing at Sevilla at 17:30. Jerez was too expensive.
Josh will buy the laptop for 200 dollars. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing up with Mike and Jack.
Gary wants to drive for Uber. He's meeting a lot of people.
Leah sent Kristi a 20% discount coupon. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
The bear attacked the zoo.
Mick hasn't received the confirmation emai from AES yet.
Alan's boss had to come back from Japan for the convention to double the costs in the line "other expenses".
Nate will come to Liam's place in 10 minutes.
Carl won't let Duncan down in this year's championship because he didn't have the gearbox. Duncan and Carl will attend the championship.
Terry will take Dinny's dog away before she comes.
Anastasia and Darrell are discussing their new school photos.
Kim is going to Seoul in April. She's going with Jane who will be her tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died of malaria in Congo.
Josh lost his new sneakers. He's been to many places, swimming pool and fitness, but he left them in the gym. Mark will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. There are a lot of shops selling roses on the street. It's 3 degrees today. Coffee shops are decorated with all the heart-shaped balloons. This year Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup.
Sawyer, Sutter and Wheeler are playing a game tonight. The pitch is booked at 8 pm.
Daina needs to put her make up for an hour.
Carmen will be at Alfred's on Friday night.
Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. Madeline and Alex had a little argument today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Mom wants Betty to call Grandpa from time to time.
William will cook spaghetti alle vongole for dinner.
Maria, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow at 17:15 to discuss the remaining questions after the IMF lecture.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Anna doesn't want to go with her.
Tabby has two exams next week. She passed all but one of them. She's coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Coco is sitting on Becky's lap purring right now. It took them 2 days to win her over. Becky is very fond of Coco.
Sosie will be at Kyra's apartment in 5 minutes.
Ronnie and Clint are discussing the waste management system in the city. Ronnie's city banned plastic bags in grocery stores, straws in restaurants and dry recyclables.
Tina is still at work. She will call Adam tomorrow if it's too late.
Natalie told Jane and Greg about Natalie's pregnancy.
Nick will buy Steve lunch.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and her date to their wedding reception.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy is not going home yet. She will be back before 11 pm.
The bus is leaving in 3 minutes. Tina is almost there.
Sophie is interested in the quince that Noah talked about the other day. William went to collect the rest of them for Sophie. The twins will be on their way from Notts tomorrow afternoon and passing Windfield. They will take the quince from Noah's terrace.
Harry is going to Ikea. Sarah will buy him white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organizers (the ones with grey flowers), one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners.
Cindy sends a video to Ellie.
Jannet and Nadia are having breakfast. They woke up 20 minutes ago and will eat something too. Jannet and Nadia had fun yesterday.
Mark bought a new car from Jeff. He will drive it over his dead body.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their work together.
Kathy's aunt is getting her haircut today. Olivia's hair looks nice.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. Mr. Benson needs to discuss a couple of matters: Andy's work while he's gone and things I need from you asap.
Jane's mother texted Den about crying over this morning. Den will bring fish and chips home after work.
Mum is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. Ludo has to go to the meeting.
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door.
Max's sister is studying in China.
Russ hasn't read the report he emailed yesterday. Russ will look at the report in a moment and send her some comments.
Catherine wants to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to, because he's angry at everybody. Ben can visit Catherine and play with them some other day.
Kaya is looking for Clay in the classroom.
Sean won't be able to take his car to the carwash because it's dirty. He and Alice will have the report tomorrow.
Bert is getting home at 8 o'clock. Julia will try to get there on time.
The dishwasher has been installed for Steve.
Harvey is looking for an update for his computer.
Bill and Joy miss each other. They will meet on Thursday.
Henry wants to reserve a table in cafe Kohaku, but he can't find them anywhere. The cafe's Facebook page disappeared. Julia and Henry went to Lilly's cafe in the tourist district.
Olivia doesn't have any plans for the day. She should do her accounts, at least get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also has some videos to upload to YouTube. Olivia doesn't do much post-production.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups and brushed it off the table with her skirt.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Stella wants to visit Sandra but she didn't want to get infected by the disease Sandra has been carrying. Sandra is getting better every day but there's still something left. Sandra has some effective medicines now and all the drugs that doctors have prescribed to her were useless. Sandra will look for an action movie for Stella.
Harley's wife is taking him to the cleaners.
Ken is stressed at work, fighting with Brad and seeing the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
It's Derby Day today. Julius and Titus are supporting Manchester United.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time. They miss each other.
Jason was absent today because he had a dental appointment.
Cindy has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in their conference room. She will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy saw the agenda and didn't read it. Cindy booked her plane tickets and the hotel.
Samuel ordered a mushroom pizza. The owner bribed the police in Laos.
Celia and Mike want to go to Egypt for holidays.
Jasmine sent Paola a video of a new song by Charlie Puth.
Jaz will pop in and sort out Sharon's roots. Sharon can't get to the salon this week. Jaz will pop in her calendar.
Pete will join Ann for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will check his schedule with work and let Laura know if he can tidy up Laura's dreads for her this weekend.
Jill has worked 20 or 30 hours. She can't do more than 3-4 per day.
James and Amelia will go to the philosophy lecturer's art exhibition tomorrow. James and Amelia will go to Amelia's place afterwards.
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are not in the print shop. Arthur and Chae-yeong didn't go to the printer shop on Monday. Mariana will let them know if the texts are available tomorrow morning.
Ost bought a garage in the centre of Belgrade. It's a good idea for Vesna to rent it out.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will be in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and other girls are having a drink tonight. Lee will stay away.
Erin has just baked a babe. Zachary will bring him a piece of it later.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. Joseph was interviewed for a job at a hotel. Joseph is going to be a concierge.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants to focus on motorways.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. They were playing together for a while. Andrew's favourite genre is RPGs.
Rael hates her job. She doesn't have time to eat her lunch. She doesn't want to quit her job. She doesn't have any technical studies.
Susan went to a rollerskating disco with her date. He picked her up from home and dressed her up.
Joe and Pete are going to watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Domigo and Euodia are discussing what Tiktok is.
Hugh sends Julia and Joan a photo of his son.
Nathalie, Pauline and Anthony are going on holiday in August. Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Lori will meet Maria at Prudential in 5 minutes.
Jay is a pathological liar.
Ally and Chuck are planning to go to Luke's New Year's party. There's also a party at Bernie's.
Karen passed. Simon, Tim and Patty have a new driver.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny suggests making her own.
Chris and Nick are visiting family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris stayed at home with Ann for the first time.
Oliver's campaign is going well. There are around 200 backers. They've reached 5000 dollars.
Liam will pick up Kane at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris. Kate is angry because he keeps talking to her. Kate is angry because he keeps talking to her. Kate is angry because he keeps talking to her.
Mark doesn't know how to skate.
Sarah is going back home for Passover on the 28th. Lia's family wants her to come, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. She bought her tickets yesterday and paid 500 pounds. She will see if her family can help her.
Jack didn't get the package Gene sent him on Friday.
Miranda has to work because young doctors work 20 hours a day.
Clara, Blake and Jenny are going to a place called fabro-ficule.
Raymond wants to eat pizza, pasta and pesto pennes. Charlotte will come over to him in 15 minutes.
Zack, Dwayne and Dwayne are going to watch the new Jersey Shore season.
Will doesn't like ques. He's standing in a line longer than the post office to send a letter in the 21st century.
Tobi, Serena and Ella went to Cork club last weekend.
It's January in Sweden. It will be dark and cold. Kai recommends visiting the Vasa Museum.
Frank doesn't have any plans for the weekend. He will come with Avril to see horse racing.
Mel will take Adam and Xander to Multisports this week. Mair will bring them to the house at half 10.
Ethan is back from the meeting with Dustin and Ray. He's going to the gym every other day, but this week he's trained every day. Ethan will pick up the kids at 9 pm at his place.
Diana and Frann are going to a hip-hop workshop. They will meet in a week.
Pam lost her phone. She will send Dot a message about it.
A student got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on him.
Nathan, Deborah and Lucy are packing everything for tomorrow. Deborah will pick up the girls from school. They will meet at home. Deborah forgot to buy a syrup for travelling. Nathan will meet with Deborah in the evening.
Alexander, Casper and Igor are going to the circus tomorrow.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlor with English speaking employees. Judie's husband has a tattoo there. Javier will get a tattoo back in Colombia.
Sam, Jessica and Michael are in a nice hotel. They will meet on the 15th of August at 2 pm.
Marsha, John and Gavin will spend a week on the beach. Marsha found a hotel in Nosy Be. It's cheaper than hotels on the mainland.
Adelina wants to know where Cyprien comes from. Cyprien is from Jarrow, Loughborouogh and Loughborouogh.
Joanna needs to remove the coffie stains from her dress. Ethel recommends a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3, which cleaned up all the stains from her favourite dress.
Anna and Charlie will have pizza tonight.
It's cold outside. Kris is dying. Ovi doesn't want to go anywhere. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine will visit him at her clinic.
Leticia is in need of 10$. She will lend it back as soon as possible. Leticia lost her wallet or someone stole it. Miranda is also here.
Paula is going to the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's.
Danny took Terence's money. Terence is upset because he forgot to put it somewhere last month.
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out.
Willy wants to borrow Vinny's car.
Lindsey has just finished her class. Sage and Sage are having a beer. Lindsey asked one girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. Lindsey gave them a piece of paper with her name on it.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. Jason bought the app to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Michelle loves Kelly. Jared doesn't want to ask her out. Michelle and Jared used to go out.
Winslow, Dodson and Reeve are going to Italy for winter break. They will go to Dominicana.
Zayna and Alex will have a drink tonight at 8 pm at Alex's place.
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey much at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon. Grace has also thought about taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Dixie wants Jason's phone number. Jair doesn't have it. Ethan will send her in a minute.
Amanda liked parks and rec, but she's not a big fan of the woman who plays the main character. Vincent wants Amanda to try the show again.
Bob bought a game and he and Harry will play it together. Harry has a broken car and a bad job.
Randal bought all but the nail polish. The one on the left is pink and the one on the left is fuschia. The shop assistant is looking at Randal.
Mike and Pat are going to meet to play hoops in Chicago.
Nate's room is overbooked. He needs to create a new file and feed the data into the tables.
Enrique shared his collection with the class. It was a fun day for him and his class. He will come back to the class at any time.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. They are staying healthy. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma, Peter and Daniel are going to Amiens tomorrow. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am.
Breann and Dianne have a 10% coupon code for new customers when they check out.
Hugh, Wanda and Wanda will make the pizza and prepare everything before they arrive.
The next ASEEES conference takes place in San Francisco. The last one in San Francisco in 1993 was criticized for the high costs of travelling to the place.
Jim will track Finn's shipment. His order number is 45678.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast.
Tommy is in Poland and wants to borrow an Android cable from Derek McCarthy.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. She will give Derek her keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Wednesday. Oona can't because she's free Thursday-Sat. She's free Thursday after 7 PM. Oona will get the tickets.
Rob wants to start the Get off the couch challenge. He's going to start with 30 minutes of activity every day.
Bennett, Cynthia and Cynthia are going to a new bistro in town.
Will is on the train in Arezzo, Amanda is on the highway and Lorenzo has just arrived. He will take the keys and go to the room.
Walker will bring Booker his Xbox console.
Laura's mother passed away this morning.
The cafes by the river are damaged with the flods. The cost to repair the damage is high. Adam misses going to the cafe.
Ana and Carlos are going to see Lola Arias' film on the making of the play Ana saw about the Malvinas last year. They are meeting on Saturday at 7.
Henry had a poop this morning. John recommends Bristol Stool Scale to Henry.
Patricia and James are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of earthquakes and tsunamis.
Mika wants to buy some plants for Linda's garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chat room. Drade apologized to Marenda's brother and sent the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and she's being sent to the hospital. Greg will call Linda or ask someone at the reception.
Charlie wants to go out with Frank and his sister tonight.
Clara will come to Bella's house at 7:30. Clara will have a drink with Bella. Clara's car is taken by Clara's camper.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda are celebrating Christmas. They are excited to go to Cuba.
Rob will be home tomorrow. Susan will cook something special.
Dominique will prepare units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test.
Steph likes the lamps. Sharon doesn't know where to get them.
Anna can't talk to Peter because she's still at work. She will call him in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke her razor and fell out of her hands.
Patrick is not picking up Matt's calls. He changed his number.
Uncle Sam has just come back from work. His father told them he was in hospital. They were at their cousins' wedding in Chicago 2 weeks ago.
Jack will buy butter for Thomas. He's coming home. He's making a mushroom soup.
Helen will bring Debbie's laptop to work.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. Boston will take a photo of it.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. John got a better offer from another IT company in London. Amber will rent John's place until they return from Germany.
Vicky will meet Audrey and Greg at town sq for 7.30 pm. Vicky is heading to fratellis. Michelle will be there in 10 minutes.
Kaylin sends Amir a video of Cynthia typing in the file.
Lois couldn't get onto her account because she created it when she was 10. Keira saw Lois' sister in town.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER station.
Simon will fetch some tissues from Helen's toilet paper.
Ricky and Tom went hiking in the mountains a few years ago. They rented a cabin for a weekend away.
Lucy and Johnny will go to Lucy's gig at 6 pm. The gig starts at 8 pm.
Rose and Jake are thinking about Christmas gifts for payday's tomorrow. Rose loves making gifts for people.
Jake thinks minimalistism is about changing the paradigm from buying cheap things to buying expensive ones. Martha thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve her longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed the driving exam for the 4th time.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement. She has always maintained a healthy lifestyle. She had mild ache in her knees for the past few years but had been ignoring it.
Lynn has sex with some old wrinkled guy who rubs his old saggy balls all over her.
Alice has a terrible flu. She has a fever and sneezing all the time. Alice is home for 10 days.
Marco left a Millas present at his place yesterday.
Steve is starving. Mum will wrap something for him.
Dane has a pain in his back.
Hannah is about to sleep. She will pick James up at 8 on Saturday.
Rachel and Caron will have a drink at Red Lion at 8.
Victor will help Sara with the event on Saturday.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will hit on Wendy soon as Jerry is Wendy's lover.
George will call Patricia in about an hour.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. Mario is waiting in Luxembourg now.
Brian didn't listen to the new professor's homework. Lena and Brian will see each other tomorrow at the philosophy class.
Elvina and Booth went to the theatre with actors and stage.
Jair is busy.
The buses are about to leave. Jacob will reach the parking lot at 10.
Molly met Chuck on Friday.
Borns' new album amazeballs and Faded Heart. Florence's new single is out tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma. She made pancakes and soups.
Haley found a photo of Bella on her computer.
Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century, but it has bounced back since. Jeff and Peter are not economists, but they think the US economy will get weaker and the growth will be weaker.
Alexa wants to confess to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult her.
Ann has extra math classes at school. Ann will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation.
Tim is 55 years old and speaks Telugu in Southeast India.
Pete wants yogurt with pear flavour. Jen doesn't like any other flavour.
Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin wants to know what Sophie's animal is. Sophie doesn't know what a fox is. Jenkin wants to know what a fox is. Sophie will bring the cards to Jenkin tomorrow.
Daisy sends Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Carla and Sam will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her and Daniel's office Christmas party.
Louis wants to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a boring meeting.
Chris has tried jogging today. He's having a conversation with Matt 5 minutes before his work ends. He's taking pills that slows his heart rate and that doesn't bode well with any kind of physical effort.
Eric and Dan liked the second season of Punisher. Eric thinks the first one was better, but the second one did some things better.
Geri wants to buy new shoes. Hilary bought some nice heels at the mall yesterday. Geri and Hilary will go to the mall tomorrow after work to get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting.
Joana and Sandy will play some games together.
Jenny and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday 8th av. in Barcelona.
Matt and John are having practice today.
George is coming to Blake.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy two milks in a couple of hours.
Jeremih wants Hansel's sister to text her back.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Emma had New Year's Eve at Josh's place. They had some wine and played board games. Emma drove to the seaside, visited a bunch of clubs and ended up on the beach for midnight.
Andy is working late till 4. Sue will be there by 8.
Stewart, Shari and half of his friends voted for him, but they didn't want to go another 4 years with a Democrat. Stewart and Shari want to vote him out.
Lydia's boyfriend accepted her invitation. She added him on Facebook. Lydia is embarrassed because she didn't know he was texting her.
Daria got a new job for a law firm.
Boris and Sarah have to decide who will take off based on seniority due to the number of PTO requests this week. They will have to deny Sarah's request. Boris will come to her first choice of dates the week after, if someone cancels.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner at Nonna Rita's. They will have a seafood tagliatelle at Nonna Rita's.
Alan has sent an attachment to Ruth.
Oscar and Payne will have a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Luke sends Gina a picture of the parrot he painted yesterday.
Steve and Tina will meet in the car park to make pasta for dinner.
Rudi sends Henrietta the last trump video of a congresswoman.
Cole and Luis are in the same room. Cole wants Luis to pass him his pillow.
Daniel passed his driving licence exam.
Andrew Simmons is sending the list of the meetings for tomorrow. Samuel Anderson has an appointment with a doctor, so he won't be able to come to the meeting. Katherine Jackson won't come because she has a retake.
Rosie is better today, but not good.
Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting for her doctor.
Mary and Sarah are looking for a safe place to keep the aquarium. The old man will enjoy it. Frank will help them to transport it.
Mario wants Conor to bring him some food from KFC.
Ditty saw the lights last night. Inga got some mail for Ditty from Andy. Ditty collected a parcel for Inga just before Christmas.
Damian, Jacob and Mason haven't watched Chelsea's game. Higuain scored twice. Mason and Damian are happy for the team.
Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them to the event. Joe doesn't have any cash to buy some tickets for the event. Jay will lend money to Joe.
Robyn exaggerated with bier last night. She drank too much.
Darcy has been to Egypt. Adam has only been to a few countries. Aaron has a connecting flight to Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours.
Gino wants to change his outfit. Renee advises him to change his clothes.
James is driving to the airport. Richard will be ready at 6:15.
Maya is playing a mouse in a school play. Caleb sent Ella Maya's costume.
Marco reminds Javier to sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Michelle and Josh are going to the movies tomorrow night. They will pick up Josh at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8 o'clock.
Anna studies the history of her civilization. She learns about the names and dates, the great moments of human race, and about her mistakes.
Robin is looking for a poker platform. Jacks recommends The Bulls Eye. Robin is trying to read up on the game.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an exhibition.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel will join him at 3 pm. Robert came to visit his old friends a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky's school called. Becky has a fever and saw the school nurse. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Noah and Archie are going to see Solstafir on Wednesday 21 November.
Marleen will be leaving in half an hour to go to town. Barry is at Kaiser's. Marleen wants to buy a present for Rita.
Darren, Lucas and Johnatan will have a beer in the evening.
Tricia is preparing a cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday. The party starts tomorrow at Zandra's place. Tricia will send Erwin to get the cake.
Laura didn't get any answers from Sarah. Raf forgot to text her back. Laura is at Linate.
Adam is going to an exam in 10 minutes.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes and she will tell him.
Nigel went to Felix Laband's concert in Paris last night.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan's nephew graduated.
Daniel is packing for the trip. Brian will pack his passport.
Ross wants to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will come and punch him.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to parties.
Brook wants Gyle to come home because something happened yesterday.
The presentation was good. There were 3 people who came to listen to the presentation.
Zac will come over to stay overnight with Sean.
Quinn is leaving school for Easter. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Quinn hates school and she sucks at exams. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs.
Dick and Frank are going to buy apartments in building 32. Frank will bring 10% or 15% for the renovation. They will get a good mortgage rate.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Mia and Steven will meet at 8 for Chinese food.
Marshall and Lilly are going to watch Netflix tonight.
James is out of the team because of the annoying coach.
Priscilla needs the Microsoft Office software for her laptop. Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD.
Rita needs information about her client, Salvage Industries.
Ginger needs sugar. Phylis is baking a pie.
Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go with Andrew for a date.
Jill is bored at work. Nate will call her when she gets off work.
Jake has just pulled a TOTW. Jake will try him in one or two matches. Jake got lucky with Tom's draw luck this year.
Victoria, Rosemary and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop. Victoria has a tablet with 2GB RAM.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jane might be 10 minutes late. Alex is by the left entrance. Jane's bus is running late and she's just passed the supermarket. She took the file with the xerox copies.
Ken is depressed, frustrated and stressed. Ken is overwhelmed and angry.
Phil sent Deana a photo of Cathreen's sunglasses. Deana found them in an empty place in the back of Adrian's car.
Alice's dad is coming for a month to decorate Jo's place. Alice's mum is here on Saturday. Alice has her yoga class at 6:30. Alice will be back home after 8 pm.
Jessica and Ollie are discussing the scariest place they've been to.
Spencer works 16 hours a week at the cafe. He has to work on his illustrations for the rest of the week. He gets new clients, some of them saw his printing in the shops he sells to and contacted him directly.
Tim is thinking of inviting a few people from work over and suggesting boardgames. Joe advises him how to organize a newbie gaming evening and what games to bring.
Richard, Holy and Anne will meet at Starbucks at 8th Street at 3 pm tomorrow. Holy will be back on Monday, but she can do some research tonight.
Russ is feeling a little better. He will not be back at the university this week, but he hopes to be back on Wednesday. Russ is feeling a little weak at the moment. Russ had the flu three months ago. Russ's team won the last match.
Leo shares a video with Charlie and Oliver.
Mummy wishes Thessalia and Mike a happy Christmas.
Samara doesn't want to play.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy a sandwich for Dan on his way to work.
Simon shares a funny and scary photo of immigration policy that reduces the safety level for citizens of the EU.
Tilly is leaving school. She will be home for 40 minutes. Sam will call her when she is home.
Mell and Gloria are having a barbecue at Gloria's place. They are thinking about extending the terrace.
Whitney and Shadrack will accompany Whitney to I-max cinemas on the day of Aqua Man's release.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas, Jenny got training shoes and George got a cooking pot.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy and install a new one.
Kayla is going to bring her to her dad's place at 11 am.
Lorena needs help with assembly instructions for a new desk. Martin will help her tomorrow.
Everett's friend Ralph introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Diane has to work 2 hours to prepare for tonight.
Ed, Valerie, Chris, Atnee and Matt are getting married.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week at Cristina's studio to discuss the shoot.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw next July. The tickets are very expensive. Phil will buy the tickets for Bon Jovi.
Dan will split everyone equally. Ashley and Sara didn't have any food from the BBQ. Eric and Gery cooked their own chicken and asparagus. Gerardo removed them from the transaction.
Harper will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. He will order a meal from the restaurant that they talked about last time. He will watch a movie.
Harry is in a traffic jam. Half of the guests are already here.
Callan's Samsung S8 has a black screen. It overheats and takes a while to restart. It's still under warranty.
Jake is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick. Patrick will take his son to the doctor.
Phil is waiting for Nancy to make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight. The client liked Piper's work.
Pogba was off the seat when he chopped the ball back to his right foot. He deserved to score after his first 60 minutes.
Sybille is trying to make her online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. Her son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. Air France gave the file to an agent. Sybille's son is only 16 years old and he has to sleep in the airport.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara are going to book a flight today.
Slade will come to the practice with the ball.
Holt wants to buy cosmetics for his sister's birthday.
Georgia likes Summer's outfit. She will wear it at parties.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming for a business trip. He will stay at Nina's place for two more nights. They will pick him up from work.
Amal likes Beyonce's tweet.
Alec and Alexa are discussing the latest America's got talent show.
Kelly hasn't received the rent money yet. John sent it to the right account.
James is not watching the game.
Lilian's phone battery is dead and she's at Helen's place.
Simon and Barbara will sing at the school concert on Friday. Freddy will send Simon backing tracks.
Tommy's mum forgot to pick him up from the station, so he will take a bus.
Tobias and Trevor will meet for a beer at Tobias's place at 9.
Israel hasn't had the time yet to sew a dress for Autumn.
Frances and Aiden had a wonderful New Year's Eve in Frances's farm house.
Paula finds the game with super hard levels unpleasant.
There's an ad for a computer investigator and Bethany wants to earn almost 80 thou.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. Jackie's brother-in-law doesn't earn enough money for his kids.
Sean and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They are going to pass the exam.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Anna will get a hot tea with fresh mint leaves for her.
Ziggler will bring his passport to Dolph tomorrow.
Kate and Jeff are in the small room next to the reception. Kate noticed a woman making a cake.
Larry, Kirsten and Sara are going to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Lesley wants Chloe to go for a walk with the dog when she gets home. Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight.
Natalie's wallet is in Tobias's room.
Phil is looking for Rob. He's on his way from one client to another. Phil will be in his office tomorrow morning.
Martin wants to talk to Nicole about their relationship. Nicole is angry because she doesn't want to break up.
Mike woke up with an allergy.
David wants to get a new tattoo. Mike suggests a scull and rose.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy some tomatoes. Beth will buy some chocolate for dinner.
The road from the swimming pool to Waitrose is blocked and there are vans everywhere. Karen didn't see any lights. Karen got stuck after yoga. Karen is leaving at 6 at the earliest to finish the presentation for the repairs team tomorrow.
Nick doesn't know what internet connection Matt and Rats have. Nick uses his mobile service and doesn't watch anything when at home.
There's a match next week. Gabriel's tutor wants to join them. They'll add people from their group.
Mia, Jennifer and Karine are shocked by Trump's strategy to scare people with a minority and present himself as the only savior.
Madison saw an offer in Thailand today. The rest is extra cheap and children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina wants to learn how to change from hating men to fucking them. Demi suggests that she should do it as soon as possible.
Freddie forgot to visit Winnie and Freddie's nanny. Winnie will ask mummy and Daddy if they can come to visit them soon.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman. New Beginning' this Saturday at 7. Mark can get tickets for them all.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in his spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. He thinks it's caused by condensation, as most of the moist settles on and around the windows. Betty advises Andy to install a fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air.
Warren locked the door.
Aaron is attending a conference about relations at school in Sesame Street. He will attend Jo's lecture on stress and mindfulness.
Rob wants to sell Kate's flat. Kate moved in a year ago and wants to have a baby. Rob's flat is too small. Kate's flat is smaller and she has two beds. Kate's friend is moving to another city and wants to sell his flat ASAP.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make Ethan come.
Charlie is in Naples. He will be in San Francisco from 1 to 5 September.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has the same song in his music library for 3 years. Kode gives Adele the whole album in USB. Kode will come to Adele's home.
Leah told Maddie and Ian the story of Claire. Leah and Ian met for the first time about 1.5 years ago.
Violet is going on vacation to a waxing salon in the neighbourhood. Paisley has been to a waxing salon once and he's not going back. He used to get Brazilian waxing, but now he's scared.
Suzy invites Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean, Rick and John are discussing the last minute trade request today. John needs a QB. John wants to play RGIII and Brock. Nick wants to play Lamar. John doesn't want to play RB or WR for a QB.
Lisa's mum was on a crazy diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie and Alex are discussing the movie "Fantastic Beast" with Gina. Gina saw it last week and is satisfied with it.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary moved to Southampton in December.
He got fired and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash. Pedro is sure that batman can run as fast.
Marek found a piece of ass on the escalator in the shopping mall.
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Daniel's place. Daniel's sister is visiting Hannah.
Bart's semester is bad because he didn't study as much as he should have. Adrian wants to retake the class next year. Bart started playing StarCraft and ended up wasting a lot of time.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday.
Lindsay and Finlay went to Elliot's birthday party.
Jack and Reece will watch the latest movie with Jennifer tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Henry and Mary are happy to see Susie back.
Patti's cat is doing fine. Patti will pick up the cat after work.
Kate is at the grocery store. George will buy an apple for her and tangerines for her tomorrow.
Sam is interested in the earphones. The earphones are available in Garstang. Their delivery costs £4 and costs £180.
Mary will wear a red dress and a bright red lipstick.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday.
Monica has a free usb. Gina will come to Monica's office.
Nathan wants to buy a bike for himself in spring. He wants to keep it in the hallway. He also wants to have a stationary bike so that he can be in shape during winter.
Jason has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7.
Michael is on his way back from his trip to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He's in Boston next weekend. Michael found a cheap ticket, but it's cold. Michael is tired of travelling to London. Kai has a conference on 8th of December.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
It's the silly season.
Mom wants to hear from Janette. She has mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence hasn't finished his article yet. He will be back in a few minutes.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat and she doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Agata's Twitter posts are in Java. She doesn't understand the concept. Agata's husband complains about her new job.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks. They've been meeting for 3 months. He will pick them up on 20th December at 4 PM.
Sam started the career mode in fifa.
Damian wants Ethan to buy him a kebab because he's starving.
Adam has just finished packing for his flight to the airport. He will be there in less than 24 hours.
Matthew has a cold and needs everyone's support. Lisa advises him to take a rest from work.
Kyle will pick up Harry by bus.
Bailey's closet got too small and the fabric is creeping onto the shelves.
Melissa and Susan had a romantic weekend. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. Toby proposed to Melissa.
Olivia is having fun with her granddaughter. She will leave in an hour.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa doesn't approve of men acting like pigs and grabbing her whenever they feel like it.
Zoe sends a video to Frank.
Stefano and Josie are discussing Foucault's Pendulum. Foucault's Pendulum is set in the 1980s. Josie read a review of Pendulum by Salman Rushdie.
Evan has to cancel his lesson tomorrow because he has the flu.
Camille, Patrick and Amanda are going to a concert in the city park at 9 pm tonight.
Bobby is annoyed by the fact that pharmaceutical companies are selling mints as medical products.
Greg doesn't have any notes from statistics.
Sally doesn't want Mark to join her as she doesn't feel well. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are going for a run on Friday at 11 am. Joy will be late, because she has to take her shower outside.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if it stops.
Ted kept plasters this morning after his shower.
Lily and Mary will call Kyle in 10 minutes.
Taylor is at his house tomorrow at 8 PM. Taylor's parents are away and 10 people are confirmed already. Harry will join Taylor.
Sierra hasn't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checks his bank account every hour. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend.
Pamela, Zoe and Xiara have applied for the RGS grant.
Ava is shorter than a penguin.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and an ambulance went missing. It turned out to be a drill.
Marlow, Perry, Janet and Forster will meet tomorrow at 8 pm to visit Pa.
Lee has been here for almost 5 months and she's seeing something like this for the first time. Andy wants to take pictures and make fun of him in a couple of weeks.
Boris is not home right now. He will tell Brian to take care of the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are meeting around the campus at noon to march in Women's strike.
John wants to go with Laurel to buy Diana's birthday gift. They will meet at Jade's collection at 5 pm tomorrow.
Rachel has got a new cat named Portia. She's taking some medication to stop it.
Matthew, Kristina and Bart are planning to go to Mark's wedding the next day.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a gift for mum.
Owen, Neil and Penny are discussing Amy's relationship.
Wai and Rachel are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. They will go to a bar.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday. She's going to meet Tom and eat something in the town.
Derek was never good at memes. Jules and Derek have class tomorrow.
Ainsley has a cold and sneezing every 2 seconds. Jane will help her with the thesis.
Lydia's legs are amazing.
Amka is going to London for Halloween with her grandparents. Amka's grandmother is having some health issues. Mick and Amka will go to the cementary on 1 November.
Jessie and Karine saw each other at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't finished the dress yet.
Fiona is in a room with Conrad. Fiona is in love with him. Fiona is mad at her boss. Fiona wants her boss to tell her what he's going to do.
The situation in Congo is horrible. There is too much money involved. Ebola, war, militias, diamonds and the elections weren't done properly.
In December, Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th around 10:00 or 11:00. They will meet on 18th and on the 14th.
Joanne wants to talk to Bradley but he's busy at work.
Iris's husband is famous. Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense that involves a person who has left the group, so it can no longer be edited. If you want to change this expense, you must first add that person back to your group. Luke has to delete that expense and re-add it.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call Ola.
Conny did some research and found nothing. Fitz suggested Conny to go to the library.
Louis shares a photo of Melanie with Archie.
Carly and Cindy are shocked by her stupid behaviour.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't think he likes Cathy. He's shy and looks at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess dreamt last night that she was a lion tamer. She will go to Africa this summer. Lynn thinks that dreams can tell us something. She thinks the circus owner from her dream can be some gentleman who lives in her neighbourhood.
Charles has coeliac disease, which makes it impossible for him to digest gluten or to be allergic to gluten. He feels allergic to gluten. Monica feels weird recently, bloated and gains weight even though she doesn't eat much.
Ulysses got an A and Julia got a B. Martha can check her grades on the course page.
Ralph sends Andrew a joke about sinking a Polish battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mum. She's on a flower market.
Gary will come to Tim's presentation.
Anna is picking up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 3 pm. Marcus has a meeting at 1. Anna will call him and give him Marcus's number.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. She hasn't seen her since the last semester. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg. Meg lost her key.
Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight.
Stanley is alive and well.
Maria is tired of her job.
Ryanair cancelled flights affecting 400,000 more passengers.
Rachel's aunt had an accident. She's bruised but fine. Some man was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation.
Michelle and Ross had an office party two months ago. Monica got drunk and became really friendly with Ross.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. There were 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. The low tide is 2:22 pm tomorrow. Eric thinks mid tide is generally the best. Luke wants to see the rocks but doesn't want to run into them.
Benjamin couldn't attend Friday night's basketball game. His mom is sick and he's taking care of her. The team won the game 101-98.
The audition starts at 7.30 p.m. on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally clicked on something in Weronika's gallery.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8,000 fans showed up for it. Cora was surprised that a meet and greet with a "virtually unknown" youtuber gathered 8,000 people.
Janice has watched almost all 50 of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2.